fix: prevent Go template syntax from leaking as navigable href links (#2189)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: portal/customization/menus.mdx

So this will render all the menu items (Catalogs - as per screenshot) of the menu (Primary - the name we’ve given to the menu).

> 3. `{{ if .Children }}`: This line checks if the menu item has any submenus. If it does it loops through those children `{{ range .Children }}` and finally renders them (using `{{.Path}}` as the link URL and `{{.Tag}}` as the link text) similarly as the main menu items.

Author: ```suggestion
3. `{{ if .Children }}`: This line checks if the menu item has any submenus. If it does it loops through those children `{{ range .Children }}` and finally renders them `<a class="dropdown-item" href="{{.Path}}">{{.Tag}}</a>` similarly as the main menu items.
```
